# SpellRange.dbc structure for 3.3.5a 12340
uint ID
float MinimumRangeHostile
float MinimumRangeFriend
float MaximumRangeHostile
float MaximumRangeFriend
int Type
uint Name1 string
uint Name2 string
uint Name3 string
uint Name4 string
uint Name5 string
uint Name6 string
uint Name7 string
uint Name8 string
uint Name9 string
uint Name10 string
uint Name11 string
uint Name12 string
uint Name13 string
uint Name14 string
uint Name15 string
uint Name16 string
uint NameFlags
uint ShortName1 string
uint ShortName2 string
uint ShortName3 string
uint ShortName4 string
uint ShortName5 string
uint ShortName6 string
uint ShortName7 string
uint ShortName8 string
uint ShortName9 string
uint ShortName10 string
uint ShortName11 string
uint ShortName12 string
uint ShortName13 string
uint ShortName14 string
uint ShortName15 string
uint ShortName16 string
uint ShortNameFlags