uint ID
int requiredFaction
int mapId
uint parentAchievement
uint name1 string
uint name2 string
uint name3 string
uint name4 string
uint name5 string
uint name6 string
uint name7 string
uint name8 string
uint name9 string
uint name10 string
uint name11 string
uint name12 string
uint name13 string
uint name14 string
uint name15 string
uint name16 string
uint nameFlags
uint description1 string
uint description2 string
uint description3 string
uint description4 string
uint description5 string
uint description6 string
uint description7 string
uint description8 string
uint description9 string
uint description10 string
uint description11 string
uint description12 string
uint description13 string
uint description14 string
uint description15 string
uint description16 string
uint descriptionFlags
uint categoryId
uint points
uint orderInCategory
uint flags
uint icon
uint titleReward1 string
uint titleReward2 string
uint titleReward3 string
uint titleReward4 string
uint titleReward5 string
uint titleReward6 string
uint titleReward7 string
uint titleReward8 string
uint titleReward9 string
uint titleReward10 string
uint titleReward11 string
uint titleReward12 string
uint titleReward13 string
uint titleReward14 string
uint titleReward15 string
uint titleReward16 string
uint titleRewardFlags
uint count
uint refAchievement